Sysadmin Dashboard ADR (#23697)
edx/edx-platform: lms/djangoapps/dashboard/decisions/0001-sysadmin-dashboard.rst

- creating user accounts
- importing courses (from git)
- deleting courses
- gathering cross-course enrollment data

The SysAdmin Dashboard feature has remained functionally unchanged since 2015, but it has never been documented.
This ADR serves to captures the decisions that went into it, so that we may being the process of moving it out of
edx-platofrm and into a pluggable django app.

Decision
--------

The users tab provides Web based user management (create and delete user accounts), a listing of courses loaded,
and user statistics. There is also a button to repair the external authentication map, a task relevant to open
edX installations using Shibboleth and certificate-based authentication.

The courses tabs manages adding/updating courses from git, deleting courses, and provides course listing information,
including commit hash, date and author for course imported from git.

The Staffing tab provides a view of staffing and enrollment in courses that include an option to download the data
as a csv.

The Gitlogs tab provides a view into the import log of courses from git repositories. It is convenient for allowing

> course teams to see what may be wrong wit their xml. This is the only view that allows permits access by course

Author: ```suggestion
course teams to see what may be wrong with their xml. This is the only view that allows access by course
```

staff, so they can review their own course import logs.

Consequences
------------

The Sysadmin dashboard is little used outside of MIT and difficult to maintain. Many of its features have been

> replicated elsewhere in edx-platform. It coudld be refactored as a pluggable app, but some of it's features rely on

Author: ```suggestion
replicated elsewhere in edx-platform. It could be refactored as a pluggable app, but some of it's features rely on
```
